Quiz Questions & Answers
“Clinical Neuroscience I - Hands-On Methods Tutorial”

1) Which statement is true?
a) A powerful Machine Learning algorithm will take care of messy data.
b) Transformation of variables can help to boost the performance of a Machine Learning algorithm. (CORRECT)
c) Variable selection is something we generally don't need to worry about as this step can be performed automatically by the Machine Learning algorithm.

2) Examples for supervised Machine Learning include…
a) determining whether patients are similar based on their symptoms 
b) detection of anomalies in images, e.g. brain lesions (CORRECT)
c) predicting which medication will work best for a given patient (CORRECT)

3) Which statements are true?
a) The target/outcome in regression has to be numeric (CORRECT)
b) The features in regression have to be numeric
c) The classical linear model from statistics with Gaussian errors is linear regression with L2-loss (CORRECT)

4) Is linear regression Machine Learning?
a) Yes (No “right” or “wrong” here :-), but I would say yes)
b) No 

5) Which of these data wrangling operations can be performed *before* the Machine Learning Analysis?
a) Principal Component Analysis (PCA)
b) Filter (= remove features that do not correlate with the outcome)
c) Replace unrealistic values (e.g. age of 999) with 'NA' (CORRECT)
d) Scale features 
e) Make coding of features consistent across participants (CORRECT)
f) Imputation of missing values via median

6) Which statement is true?
a) Different algorithms require different kinds of data preparation. (CORRECT)
b) Missing data should be imputed.
c) Dichotomization of features is a good choice if the goal is to construct simple models.
d) Feature selection in ML should preferably be data-driven.

7) What is the aim of our machine learning classification pipeline?
a) The prediction of future outcome of schizophrenic patients and controls based on their brain structure.
b) The prediction of class assignment (schizophrenic patients or controls) based on their brain thickness.
c) The prediction of class assignment (schizophrenic patients or controls) based on their brain structure. (CORRECT)
d) The comparison between controls and schizophrenic patients with respect to brain structure
 
8) What is correct about the support vector machine algorithm?
a)  It fits a decision boundary in high dimensional space to separate given labels by minimizing its distance to the closest observations.
b) It fits a decision boundary in high dimensional space to separate given labels by maximizing its distance to the farthest observations.
c) It fits a decision boundary high dimensional space to separate given labels by maximizing its distance to the farthest observations.
d) It can be optimized. (CORRECT)

9) What is correct?
a)  In machine learning the AI decides on the necessary preprocessing steps.
b) An important preprocessing step for SVM’s is scaling because SVM’s can only deal with very high numbers.
c)  A principal component analysis can reduce a high-dimensional data set to components that explain the most variance. (CORRECT)
d) It is not allowed to correct for covariates as this might bias the resulting machine learning model. 

10) What is optimisation?
a) It finds the optimal (combination of) model parameters for a given machine learning task.
b)  It tunes values of a hyperparameter to increase the accuracy in a classification task. (CORRECT)
c)  It is one important aspect distinguishing machine learning from classical statistical approaches. (CORRECT)
d) It finds the observations in a data set that can be maximally discriminated by the decision boundary. 

11) The search space …
a) is an imaginary ‘space’ of values that can be potentially taken by the hyperparameters. (CORRECT)
b) needs to be defined. (CORRECT)
c) provides the boundaries within which a hyperparameter can be tuned. (CORRECT)
d) can be ‘problematic’ if it is too large. (CORRECT)

Cross Validation (Slide 43)
12) Why do we use nested cross validation?
   a) To divide the dataset in folds and speed up the model training
   b) To create more data based on the folds
   c) To guarantee that all the data will be used both for training and testing (CORRECT)
   d) To improve the performance of the model

13) What is the impact of increasing/decreasing the number of repetitions and folds in the cross validation?
   a) More repetitions improve the model performance
   b) More repetitions improve the model speed
   c) More repetitions increase the computation time (CORRECT)
   d) More repetitions make the predictions more trustworthy (CORRECT)

14) In a scenario with a 10 x 10 nested cross validation with 3 permutations and 300 people in the dataset, how many people would be in each of the outer and inner folds?
   a) 25 in each outer fold and 25 on each inner fold
   b) 20 in each outer fold and 20 on each inner fold
   c) 30 in each outer fold and 27 on each inner fold (CORRECT)
   d) 10 in each outer fold and 9 on each inner fold

Results (Slide 48)
15) What indicates overfitting in our results?
   a) High performance on testing and low performance on training
   b) Low performance on testing and low performance on training
   c) High performance on testing and high performance on training
   d) Low performance on testing and high performance on training (CORRECT)
  
16) What is sensitivity?
   a) A metric on how good our model was in identifying True Positives (CORRECT)
   b) A metric on how good our model was in identifying True Negatives
   c) The average between the ratio of True Positives and True Negatives
   d) The measure of how imbalanced our dataset is
  
17) What could be a reason for having a high very imbalanced values for specificity and sensitivity?
   a) A small sample size
   b) An imbalance on the predicted category (CORRECT)
   c) An error in the data extraction
   d) An imbalance in the number of features and observations in a dataset
  
18) Why do we use Balanced Accuracy?
   a) To assess the accuracy of the training tasks
   b) To assess the accuracy of the testing tasks
   c) To assess the model performance, taking any imbalances in the dataset into account (CORRECT)
   d) To reduce imbalance in the dataset

Feature importance (slide 61)
19) What does it mean to have a feature importance value closer to zero?
   a) That the feature is important to the model prediction
   b) That the feature is unimportant to the model prediction (CORRECT)
   c) That the feature is confounding the model
  
20) What is the best approach to assess the importance of a feature?
   a) Remove the feature from the dataset
   b) Shuffle the feature values in the dataset (CORRECT)
   c) Replace the feature values by a single value (e.g. zeros)
   d) Replace the feature values by randomly generated values
  
Regression (Slide 75)
21) In which of the following scenarios could we use a regression analysis?
   a) Predicting the gender of an individual
   b) Predicting the IQ of an individual(CORRECT)
   c) Predicting the score of an individual in a test(CORRECT)
   d) Predicting the weight of an individual(CORRECT)
22) Why can't we use stratification in a regression analysis?
   a) Because the features used for prediction are not in a continuous format
   b) Because we do not use Balanced Accuracy in the regression task
   c) Because we don't have groups for the target feature (CORRECT)
   d) All the above
   e) None of the above

